{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Hey Dr. Moore,\
\
Its been a while, and I hope all is going well for you. I'm about to take part in another application process this time it will be for a few different fellowships. These fellowships require that I have a research project currently working on and that I have had a certain amount of research experience in my past years of school. Since Im fairly new to UF I haven't been able to connect with a lot of professors about my research opportunity. On the other hand the research that I was able to conduct with yourself (omega 3 & bumblebee camera) will be similar to one of the major components to my research. With that being said I was wondering if it would be possible for you to write me another letter of recommendation to the research fellowships I'm applying for and if you will elaborate on some of the research I have conducted with you at Florida A&M University? The final application is due Oct. 29 and will  also need to include my letters of recommendation. Please let me know if you are able and willing to write a letter for me. Thanks for your time Dr. Moore, and I definitely will come by to visit at the engineering school or mag lab when I get a break from school.\
\
Allen Starke\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs20 \cf2 \cb3 Hello Dr. Arroyo,\cb1 \
\
\
Its been a while since i got a chance to talk to you, and I hope all is going well. I'm about to take part in an application process this time it will be for a few different fellowships. These fellowships require that I have a research project currently working on, research experience in my past school years, and that I have shown great progress academically through classes. In this case I was wondering if you would be able to write me a few letter of recommendations to the fellowships I will be applying for, \'a0elaborating on the classes and small projects I have taken with you thus far? The final application is due Oct. 29 and will \'a0also need to include my letters of recommendation. Please let me know if you are able and willing to write a letter for me. Thanks for your time Dr. Arroyo, and I definitely will come by your office to visit when I get some free time from studies this year.\'a0\
\
Allen Starke\
}